[Autogenerated] All right, let's start talking about elastic map.
Reduce within Amazon.
So I'm at the EMR dashboard screen,
and what I want to do is I want to create a cluster.
So this config screen is where we define our cluster settings.
And if you remember, a cluster is made up of several nodes,
including a master node,
and then either task or data nodes that perform certain functions.
So we'll call this Pluralsight.
I'm not going to enable logging,
but you see that you can and you can specify S3 we can do
launch mode as cluster or step execution.
So it's elects steps via program selection that we choose,
and it executes the steps how we configure them.
So I'll go and do cluster and you can see we can choose RMR release.
So there's tons of five dot versions we can choose 6.0,
if we want let me do that.
And depending on this release version,
that's what's going to determine our applications that we can have PRI
configured so you can see there's core Hadoop H base,
presto and Spark,
and these error all different frameworks and tool sets that you
can use to perform analytics on big data.
Now, if we wanted to,
we could do a W s glue data catalog for our table
metadata that lives within our EMR cluster.
I'm not going to do that here, but it's just a option to remember now.
The next thing we have to do is we have to choose error hardware.
Now it's important to realize from an experience point of view not all of
these instances types are available in specific regions.
So when you're creating your cluster,
you may get some failures due to your instantiation.
I've ran into this before, so I just wanted to point that out.
I'll go ahead, leave the number of instances to three.
You can see we have one master in two core and then you choose a keep error.
So I'll choose my keep error here.
We can define permissions either custom or default.
I'll click on create cluster and there you go.
That's how easy it is to create your cluster.
Now you can see our master and core are provisioning.
And if we wanted to, we can add to this and expand it.
So we have some task nodes as well.
Now what's cool here is they provide different actions and
steps logging so you can see what's going on.
And, for instance, this step here is showing how we set up Hadoop debugging.
Now, I'm not going to go into too much depth on this service.
I just wanted to show you how easy it is to create an E M R
cluster and then start performing data.
Now I have another course on Pluralsight with a deep
dive about elastic map produce,
and it's called handling and analyzing data with AWS elastic map produce.
So if you want to get a little bit deeper into the weeds, is far as E M r.
I suggest you take that course and really study what I teach you in
there that's going to go ahead and do it for this clip.
I just wanted to show you once again how you can create a
cluster and specify different settings.
I'm gonna go ahead and terminate this and we'll go ahead and wrap up and then move on